CodeQL and system wide name index
GalaOS= core interconnected modular AI powered operating system
Gala= sentient hyper intelligent co-pilot orchestrator. (We have fully discussed this in detail but I have a great amount of files that could be digested and parsed to create Gala the persona synthesized with the utilitarian design and architecture we established. 

Code-X= the main HUD style dashboard for interacting with GalaOS, AEthernet simulation sandbox, Forge for Rune engineering and augmentation, AEtherLab for creating SPELLS, accessing Runes, Librarium for reading and studying, Lab for creating/brainstorming and more. Code-X is expandable and more modules/apps/functions etc. are to be determined and integrated.

AEthernet= the sandboxed simulation environment we discussed that streams real time data to reflect accurate variables, outcomes, results and uses that allow for the user to simulate and experiment in a paralled, digital alternate reality that mirrors ours. Think the Matrix but with real applications like testing a product using a finely tuned, streamed algorithm that is contextually aware via streamed data and predictive reasoning. Test hypotheticals, simulate altercations or conflicts either via chatbot or CLI for both coding and dev purposes but also personal and practical applications. If I market and apply x, what will my ROI on y be? The system will reason the current market trend, social trend, historical data, and countless variables to predictably reason the most likely outcome of the event or scenario using a complex matrix and reflective data to solve the formula it generates based on the properties, values and equations the algorithm is referring to which is providing real time data and metrics for any given category and variables that make up our collective consciousness of the given moment. Basically turning the data provided by the world it can access into a math problem, solving it like landing on the moon and giving you a probability based on the results which hypothetically should lead to more conversions and turnovers allowing for predictable success though not guaranteed as anomalies, uncontrollable variables and edge cases do exist but using a algorithm and matrix to fabricate a digital version of our reality might give us the leverage we need to thrive and not just survive.

Runes= final name for the discussed term for the tools that can be created within the Forge. Packaged capability bundles (tools + manifest + UI) that are installed and sandboxed via AEthernet interfaced within Forge.

= name for the apps created within the forge

Forge=(Already discussed but ensure it also operates similar but as intended, user friendly UX guided chatbot build experience IDE not just the CLI. Forge should utilize a coding agent called Arch. He is a master software engineer, dev and coder. He will be on par and trained from similar datasets if not the same of variants as Claude, Codex and Grok. (Maybe the perplexity api or the anthropic/openai apit? either way, if at all possible to utilize the access to open sources like github, huggingface, ollama and my cloaud api's to train this coding agent, that would be great. Route to any model you suggest and pull accordingly. Pull the correct models, training tools, datasets, docs, anything to create Arch.) it must be able to build repos for scaffolding "Runes" and deploying them within GalaOS like Claude does with artifacts. (apps/tools/plugins) with manifests, tests, and publish flow to a registry allowing for access within the Code-X HUD display and dashboard. (Build an app or tool, it goes to your dashboard for ease of access).

Spell= name given for the innovative workflow, function and command that allows users to utilize their Runes to perform actions, execute commands and complete tasks via chatbot text-to-function. "Gala, post these photos to my socials, update my portfolio with them and then create an email campaign sharing the new post/updated portfolio." "Sure thing! Can you tell me about these photos? Here is an example of a caption template that performed well last time. Do you want me to reference that and generate you one based on what I see in these photos or would you like to write it in your own words?" "I will thanks but I will use that caption as a template for this one!" "Great! Do you want me to use our templated "Portfolio Update Template" for this?" "Yea thats great!" Gala then executes a prewritten and orchestrated workflow. First, she uploads a copy of these photos to a dedicated Inbox database in a centralized AI workspace/environment called GalaHUB (AI orchestration hub for intake and output of assets, content and so forth. Like a mailroom) where a Watcher agent for GalaHUB (simple agents that are on standby and watch for events or calls within any given variable, workspace, environment, database, folder, application or circumstance to then call on the next agent in the workflow and hand off content). In this case, Gala uploads photos to the Website category in the Portfolio_File_Upload property and the Content_Lab category in the Raw_Content_Upload property with tags for E-Mail Portfolio Campaign and Carousel Post in the AI Inbox database, the Watcher activates the AI router to route each upload to the correct facility and agency for that workflow. Which in this case would send it to the Website module. The Watcher over that module would call on the Website agency that manages the website design facility of the module to upload the photos to the portfolio, update hidden SEO descriptions and publish. Same logic applies for the Content Lab module. The Watcher sees that photos were uploaded to the Raw_Content_Upload property, the tags are for email campaign and carousel post, activates the AI router system to send these to the Canva agency and Mailchimp agency. Now while the content is being made and the website is being updated, Gala adds the relevant hashtags or keywords that Scout suggested for this weeks content. For example, in this case, Gala referenced the Scout_Report_01/25-08/25.JSON that rests in the AI Inbox for the week, then is logged into the Scout report archive to use for reviewing and analyzing for creating a library of hashtags/keywords/tags/etc that are repeated for a future use case to be determined but will be digested and compacted into one spreadsheet at the end of the week that is audited monthly for intended purposes. Then, Gala calls on the Watcher in the Nexus for the Archivist agency to provide the Email_Campaign_Strategy_Scroll & SocialMediaStrategy_Scroll.md/ts/txt (Whatever file type is best that is easy for AI to read and humans to read) for Gala to reference for posting times that had the best performance for engagement, visibility, views and other contributing analytics for the algorithm and strategize what time to schedule the email blast based on any records of highest conversion, click, open rates. The agency in Canva will use e-mail template and carousel template, send the PNG back to the AI Inbox in GalaHUB. (The MailChimp and Canva agencies will remove those pictures from the template so that they are ready for future production.) Gala will then schedule the posts by uploading them to the Ready_to_be_published property of the Content Calendar category with the carousel and Buffer tag (or direct integration to the correct platforms). Same logic applied with MailChimp. Gala will deposit the E-mail template created with Canva into the Mail_Chimp category into the appropriate property with the relevant tags contingent on what posting times and schedules Gala determined based on previous success rates and the Scout report for the week. Now the pngs that were published, captions, hashtags (both the raw content and post edited versions for Mailchimp and Socials) are sent to the archives into the Published_Database in the Nexus. The Archivist will deposit the raw content into a raw media archive in whatever type of content the media is and the published png templated versions into a published archive same way but for its relevant dataset. At the end of the week, Gala will receive Scout reports from each department it coordinated with that has analytics and performance report to provide. Scouts for those departments will deposit their reports into the AI Inbox. The Watcher activates routing system and those reports are sent to the Nexus, Archivists properly store and categorize the reports connected to the relevant content it was reporting on (email campaign, carousel post) into the Published_Database. Likely it will store it in a file upload property in the same row that content was routed to in the Nexus and for logging, storing and recording performance metrics for all used forms of edited/published content within the enterprise for documentation but it must be accessible for future use cases to reference for monitoring metrics, performance and strategize. This would be the same place Gala referenced for her suggestion to use a prior caption that performed well. (Side note, if it underperforms or doesn't receive the type of conversion/engagement as desired but if it does, positively reinforce, reward and double down next time). Very detailed I understand but the intended outcome is for Gala to orchestrate every task, function and tool necessary to properly execute this function by routing and offloading onto agents, assistants, clones or automations depending on the task. This same system logic and order of processes will apply similarly to other Spells and uses but obviously there will be variants and nuances depending on the application, agency, function or capabilities. This is why Gala must be adaptive, contextually aware, sentient and properly architected and why for the time being, only those with permission or dev privileges (me) can create/publish Spells for now until this can be safely distributed with safeguards and proper parameters for security and safety. For now, only I should maintain the ability to create and test Spells I create within my dev version prototype as Gala and I create, orchestrate and integrate for any given platform or use case.

Scouts= agents that perform market analysis, SEO/AISO monitoring, trending topics, social trends, analyze algorithms from social media/websites/etc (extrapolate and expand on this concept and suggest more implementations, queries and sources to wathc, scan and scout for these reports) using modern, traditional and innovative methods of intel extraction, digestion and all other relevant forms of generating these reports. They also reference performance analytics like from my socials, website performance to assess peak posting/scheduling newletters times and other feature sets. Through researching, reviewing, analyzing and scanning the web and social media platforms, they assess what type of content Scribes should generate and produce to properly position a brand in the market for discoverability, dominate SEO/AISEO results, and increase visibility to the correct audience. They also provide reports for product suggestions, gaps in the market, predicted trends, audience that should be targeted and more. They use tools that give them access to the web to perform these analytic reports. The goal is to take these reports and have Scribes generate content for posting, marketing, curriculum, captions, product suggestions/descriptions, blogs, newsletters, articles, e-books, scripts and so on. 

Scribes= agents that take the reports from Scouts generate written forms of content described above and synthesize that with the relevant referential data from the Nexus to create, pdf's, docs, sheets, various file types (JSON, .md, .txt., .ts., .py) (Just depends on the use case) so everything stays consistent when it comes to tone, style, brand voice and general desired outcomes. Plus they can reference any previously stored Scrolls to make sure they don't repeat information in new content or generate generic info. This function allows them to generate unique content always ensuring data is relevant, accurate, factual, correct and consistent. They can also write academic level research papers, e-books, essays, white docs, and so on. The content they generate are called Scrolls (Refer to Scroll definition). (Content_Scribe, Email_Scribe, Blog_Scribe, Script_Scribe, etc.) Expanding library, feature for creating more Scribes needs to be confirmed and implement agent enlisting workflow accomplished chatbot UI and UX experience. We start with a couple foundational agents and update periodically as new ones or more are made and/or added from development. (Think claude artifacts when it generates long form docs or Gemini/ChatGPT when you have it perform deep research and it returns files). Scribes will also refer to other agents within the architecture to ensure proper composition of the file for whatever intended purpose it may be.

Tutors= agents that teach concepts, assign tasks/assignments, evaluate and assess work based on criteria, and etc. They reference a Librarium (Special dedicated database for educational data, e-textbooks, pdf's, curriculum, files etc. called Scrolls)(refer to other definitions for scroll identification and definition for context) to assist with helping users learn, study, apply and practice. They have special tools that allow them to purely focus on this function to teach a wide variety of subjects and topics which attributes their name (Tattoo_Tutor, Business_Tutor, Science_Tutor, History_Tutor, Math_Tutor, Health_Tutor, and so on) In summary: they provide structured learning, critique, and guided mentorship in creative and technical domains with a focus on scholastic and hands on education & guiding. Same as scribes. We start with foundational subjects and Tutors but allow for expansion and release Tutors with updates.

Sentinels= these are the gaurdians of any given module. They operate to monitor data flow, ensure security, enforce permissions, scan and safeguard for malware/cyber attacks/viruses. They review everyfile, cross reference the sources and make sure nothing could compromise the integrity of the matrix of GalaOS, a given container or the infrastructure and architecture. This concept needs elaborating on and could use guidance to ensure compatibility, proper workflow and pipeline of data to keep everything safe and follow proper ethical protocols. They run audits periodically to scan for potential threats, implement security measure with permission and never allow or deny without either prompt based permission or explicit indefinent permission until the user says allow or deny. (If they download certain assets from a web source that has been deemed safe, they may continue to collect assets from that source without being prompted by the sentinels but they will still scan just to make sure it is safe and will only ping if an anamoly is detected. They will then scan, find the source, research and determine what the anamoly is. If it is a threat, they may attempt to eliminate it. If successful, they notify file/asset/link/etc. is safe to retrieve, digest and archive. If they cannot, they may call on a Scout to scan the internet to find any sources that verify integrity of the file. If nothing is found to verify integrity, they may then call on a scribe to attempt to rewrite a safe version of that copy. Extrapolate on this and fill the gaps to complete the logic and close the loop.
